=head1 NAME

Max::Device - Class to represent an eQ-3 Max! device

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Max;

    for my $device ($max->devices) { ... }
    for my $device ($room->devices) { ... }

    $device->room->set_temperature(21.5);

    my $room = $device->set_room(42);
    $device->add_link($other_device);

    if ($device->has_temperature) {
        say "Current temperature is " . $device->temperature;
    }

    if ($device->is_cube) { ... }

    if ($device->has_valve) {
        printf "Valve is %d%% open.", $device->valve;
    }

    if ($device->flags_as_string =~ /battery/) {
        say "Low battery.";
    }


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Represents a device in an "eQ-3 Max!" network.

=head2 Class methods

=head3 Max::Device->new(...)

Considered an internal method; should not be called directly.

=head2 Instance methods

=head3 addr

Returns the 6 digit hexadecimal address.

=head3 room

Returns the Max::Room object for the associated room.

=head3 setpoint

Returns the currently target temperature.

=head3 temperature

Returns the measured temperature. Note: not all devices support this feature.
Most notably, the TRVs don't. Use C<has_temperature> to test this.

=head3 valve

Returns the current position of the valve. 0 is fully closed, 100 is fully open.
Note: not all devices have a valve. Use C<has_valve> to test this.

=head3 type_num, type

Returns the type either as a number, or as a string.
Possible types are:

    0 cube
    1 heater
    2 heater+
    3 thermostat
    4 shutter
    5 button

=head3 mode_num, mode

Returns the current mode as a number, or as a string.
Possible modes are:

    0 auto
    1 manual
    2 vacation
    3 boost

=head3 flags_as_string

Returns a space-joined list of flag in alphabetical order. Possible flags are:

    init
    link
    battery
    error
    invalid

=head3 has_temperature, has_valve, is_cube

Returns a boolean value according to the device type.

=head3 set_room($room)

Given a Max::Room object or a numeric room ID, configures the device to
associate with that room.

Returns undef on failure. Returns a Max::Room object on success, and updates
the Max::Room object in the parent Max object.

=head3 add_link($device)

Given another Max::Device object, sets up a unidirectional link between the
devices. In a typical situation, devices will be cross-linked, but this method
does not automate that.

Returns true on success, false on failure.

=head1 CAVEATS

=over

=item * Shutter and button devices are not (yet) supported.

=item * Tricks exist to read the current measured temperature from a TRV, but
because that involves waiting for parameters to change, this library does not
implement such tricks. Consider buying a wall thermostat for every room.

=back

=head1 LICENSE

Pick your favourite OSI approved license :)

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical

=head1 AUTHOR

Juerd Waalboer <#####@juerd.nl> <http://juerd.nl/>

