=head1 NAME

Max::Room - Class to represent a group of eQ-3 Max! devices

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Max;

    for my $room ($max->rooms) { ... }

    my $room = $max->room(42);
    $room->set_temperature(21.5);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Represents a "room" or "group" of thermostatic devices in the "eQ-3 MAX!"
system.

=head2 Class methods

=head3 Max::Room->new(...)

Considered an internal method; should not be called directly.

=head2 Instance methods

=head3 add_device($device)

Given a Max::Device object, adds it to the room object. Does not update the
Cube's configuration; use C<< $device->set_room >> for that.

=head3 devices

Returns a list of discovered devices as Max::Device objects. The order is not
guaranteed.

In scalar context, returns the number of devices.

=head3 display_name($include_id)

Returns the configured name, or a string comprised of the word "room" and the
rooms' numeric ID. The ID is added, even for rooms that have a configured name,
if the argument C<$include_id> is true.

=head3 name

Returns the configured name (binary).

=head3 name($name)

Sets a new name, but does not write the metadata to the cube. Use
C<< $max->write_metadata >> to store the new name.

=head3 setpoint

Returns the configured target temperature as reported by a device in the room.
If a wall thermostat is present, its temperature is preferred. Without any wall
thermostat, will use any other device's reported setpoint.

Returns undef if the setting is not known.

=head3 setpoint($temperature)

Sends a new B<mode> setpoint temperature to all the devices in the room. The
new temperature must be a multiple of 0.5. 
The B<mode> can be set to 00=auto, 01=manual, 10=vacation, 11=boost. 

Currently does not handle errors.

=head3 temperature

Returns the actual temperature as reported by a wall thermostat in the room.
Returns undef if the temperature is not known.

=head3 too_cold([$maxdelta])

Returns true if the measured temperature is more than C<$maxdelta> degrees
colder than the setpoint. The parameter defaults to 0. Returns undef if the
temperature or setpoint is not known.

=head1 CAVEATS

=over

=item * Very little parameter checking is done.

=item * If the C<set_temperature> sets the mode to "manual", the setting is
kept. The suggested use of this library is then to set programs on a computer (via
cron) rather than directly on the devices.

=back

=head1 LICENSE

Pick your favourite OSI approved license :)

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical

=head1 AUTHOR

Juerd Waalboer <#####@juerd.nl> <http://juerd.nl/>

